what are you doing scammers say hello
hello George Bamberger Serena Shaw I
think we should be married never thought
I'd find you I never thought I'd find
anyone that's beautiful George that's
just stuff can you find a wife her
apartment both well letter came from the
bank I'm afraid your stocks are no
longer sufficient collateral
he took the ledgers
he can destroy us charge you're gonna go
to prison
our future everything we talked about we
will lose we promise to tell each other
everything I didn't want frightening I'm
not that kind of woman
don't forget that everything would each
other I'm doing this for asteroid our
new world ladies are keeper I'd like to
speak to your wife there's a murder last
night
he betrayed you George he was never your
friend our love began the day we met
nothing that happened before even exists
this is everything you need to put me
away forever I love you so much I can't
lose you you uh
ah
you'll have to be done